A Game of Cat and Mouse

Detailed Instructions


Object of the game:

The mouse is trying to obtain the cheese and return home.
The cat is trying to eat the mouse.

The mouse must walk onto both the cheese and then its home.
When the cat's head is in contact with the mouse or the timer runs out, the cat wins.


Cat controls:

Movement: WASD
Pounce: Left Ctrl
The pounce is a short burst of speed followed by a small state of immobility.

Mouse controls:

Movement: Arrow keys
Sprint: Right Shift
The sprint is a temporary speed boost for the mouse that lasts a set amount of time. It must only be pressed to activate -- holding the button has no extra effect.


Stamina:

The stamina bar depletes when a pounce or sprint is activated. It automatically regenerates afterwards, and when it becomes full, pouncing or sprinting can again be activated.


Mouse traps:

If a mouse is caught in a trap, it must wiggle out by rapidly pressing the arrow keys 12 times.
The cat can set off traps, but it is only stopped from moving.
Traps also reduce stamina used for pouncing and sprinting.


Safe zones:

These are yellow areas typically surrounding the cheese and mouse home. The cat cannot enter these areas.


Mouse holes:

These are tunnel systems in some levels that also function as a zone in which only the mouse may enter. These are darkened to be labeled apart from the walls.


Powerups:

There are four types of powerups (the apples) that appear at given times based on the frequency set in the options.
"High" frequency is one powerup per ten seconds, starting at 1:55, as long as there are no more than four powerups on the field.
"Low" frequency is one powerup per twenty seconds, starting on 1:45, as long as there are no more than two powerups on the field.
"Off" stops powerups from appearing.
Powerups appear at random grass positions on the level and move to another random position after fifteen seconds if not picked up.

Super Speed (1/3): move twice as fast for a duration of six seconds
Super Stamina (1/3): regain lost stamina very quickly; only depletes while regaining stamina
Trap (2/9): a mouse trap hidden as a powerup; functions like a normal trap
Freeze (1/9): the opponent is frozen for three seconds and cannot move



Single Player:

The mouse is looking for pieces of cheese to return back home. The number of pieces of cheese appears in the topleft of the hud.
It is not mandatory to obtain all pieces of cheese. One piece of cheese is worth one point upon winning, but losing still counts once.

There is no cat in single player. Lights survey the level, and if the mouse is caught within the light, it loses.
The number of lights can be adjusted in the options menu under "Single Difficulty."
"High" creates four lights.
"Medium" creates one light.
"Easy" has no lights.

If the mouse makes a sound or takes the cheese, the lights are set on alert, which lasts for five seconds. In this time, they are more aware and faster.

Vision, or memory, can be adjusted in the options menu under "Nightvision Sight."
This keeps track and shows certain landmarks or all things encountered.
"High" shows everything.
"Medium" shows objects and mouse holes.
"Low" shows nothing.


Other:

"Lightning Mode" doubles the speed of all gameplay when turned on.
"Multi Night Mode" creates a night-time scenario in multiplayer, with adjustable vision by "Nightvision Sight."

